Enabled developer to input PR number for lsp4ij checkout input (#1014)
OpenLiberty/liberty-tools-intellij: docs/LSP4IJ-Continuous-Integration.md

<img alt="Example" height="300" src="images/example-manually-trigger.png" width="300" style="display: block; margin: 0 auto;"/>

> If you want to check out LSP4IJ based on a PR number, you can check the box labeled `If you checked this, please make sure to enter only the LSP4IJ PR number below` and specify the PR number in the provided text field labeled `Reference/branch for LSP4IJ checkout`. Additionally, you can specify the tag or branch of the `liberty-tools-intellij` repository to be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to check out LSP4IJ based on a PR number, you can check the box labeled `Run build with an LSP4IJ PR.` and specify the PR number in the provided text field labeled `Reference/branch/PR for LSP4IJ checkout`. Additionally, you can specify the tag or branch of the `liberty-tools-intellij` repository to be used. 
```

Author: I made the change, Thanks

> NOTE: Make sure to enable the checkbox labeled `Use lsp4ij locally` as well for this case.

For example, if you want to trigger the Build Workflow from a branch of the LTI repository and build against LSP4IJ PR number `500` while using the `main` branch of LTI, you would configure it as follows:

> <img alt="Example" height="300" src="images/Allow-developer-to-input-PR-number.png" width="300" style="display: block; margin: 0 auto;"/>

Reviewer: Update the image to show the new text.

Author: I updated the image with the same name

Author: @TrevCraw,  I updated the other images in the document and checked the other document files as well, but I couldn't find any images showing the inputs for running the build.yaml.
